### Team Reflection

In brief, this app visualizes the global risk factors that contribute to human death and has well-designed features that provide answers to the research questions outlined in milestone 1 of this project. The app demonstrates the top risk factors that contribute to global death, the geographic distribution of top death-causing risk factors and visualizes the global death trends for these various risk factors. It does this from 1990 up to 2017 using interactive features such as dropdown menus, radio buttons, etc.
Based on the feedback we received from TAs and reviews from our peers, we have incorporated several changes into our milestone 2 python project. These include code cleaning and refactoring, code reformating using PEP8 style and directory re-organization. We have also added more in-line comments and reduced the length of the app functionality description for the homepage of our app. We also modified the titles of our interactive charts to fully reflect our research questions and scaled the trend plot into a percentage for better comparison. 

As part of our maintenance strategy,  user-friendliness was our top priority and for that we did substantial layout modifications [issue 52](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/DSCI_532_Group213_death_by_risk_factors/issues/52) such as alignment of chart headings, relocating the radio buttons and normalizing the trends (third panel) into a percentage for the population in each continent [issue 57](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/DSCI_532_Group213_death_by_risk_factors/issues/57). This is to allow users to avoid scrolling down to make selections for the risk factors.
Unfortunately, there were few suggestions from peers that we couldn't incorporate at this time since they conflicted with our research questions. For instance,  including all the risk factors into our charts, but only the top five are required by our research question 1. We also decided to stick to the year 2017 for our charts as required by our research questions 1 and 2 of our project.

Furthermore, since the development team was limited on time, this app has several limitations. First of all, adding a jumbotron button and manipulating the dash fonts and colours was uneasy. Our overview bar chart is currently for 2017 only as indicated in our research question, but it's our wishlist to have a range slider that allows the user to pick a year of interest.
While time doesn't permit, we also wish to incorporate our geo map with an additional feature that generates a summary graph after the user highlights a group of countries. This would allow comparison among countries of interest. Another future improvement is having an additional slider for choosing a particular year for the Trend chart along with the radio buttons for risk factors that are currently implemented.

Overall, the feedback we received from TAs and peers on our milestone2 has been monumental and helped us greatly restructure our dashboard. The feedback was very useful and users found the app very user-friendly. Changing the app layout, normalization of y-axis values for panel 3 and code formating (PEP8) was among the most valuable suggestions received. Being a fly-on-the-wall also helped us get more insights and useful concepts for our app maintenance. All suggestions were incorporated where applicable and time permitted. Now, we have redeployed the dashboard application in a manner that fully reflects the received feedback and is better aligned with the functionalities promised in our initial research questions.