# Team Reflection

Designed with R and Plotly, this app visualizes the global risk factors that contribute to human death and has well-designed features that provide answers to the research questions outlined in milestone 1 of this project. The app demonstrates the top risk factors that contribute to global death, the geographic distribution of top death-causing risk factors and visualizes the global death trends for these various risk factors. It does this from 1990 up to 2017 using interactive features such as dropdown menus, radio buttons, etc.

The app does so well in terms of user-friendliness, interactivity and ease of customization. It is robust and seamlessly integrates complex yet meaningful charts without compromising response time for displaying dashboard components. 
All the suggestions and feedback received from TAs and peers have been incorporated into this milestone 4 or R project. These include further code cleaning and refactoring, code reformatting using Roxygen2 style and directory re-organization. We have also added more in-line comments and reduced the length of the app functionality description for the homepage of our app. We also modified the titles of our interactive charts to fully reflect our research questions and normalized the trend plot by scaling it into a percentage for better comparison.
Unfortunately, while there are no limitations related to the development of our R project, we were unable to deploy it on Heroku. After our team exhausted all possibilities and consulted with the course instructor and TAs, it turned out that some of our `geom_sf` package that we used for the map is not currently supported by Heroku. Else, our dashboard app perfectly compiles and runs locally without any bugs or issues.
Furthermore, since the development team was limited on time, this app has several limitations. First of all, adding a jumbotron button and testing for various dash fonts and colours could be further explored. Our overview bar chart is currently for 2017 only as indicated in our research question, but it's our future improvement to have a range slider that allows the user to pick a year of interest.
Secondly, another key future improvement is to incorporate our geo map with an additional feature that generates a summary graph after the user highlights a group of countries. This would allow comparison among countries of interest. Lastly, having an additional slider for choosing a particular year for the Trend chart would be great so that it could be used along with the radio buttons for risk factors that are currently implemented.
Overall, the feedback we received from TAs and peers on our milestone 1,2 &3 has been monumental and helped us greatly restructure our dashboard. The feedback was phenomenal and helped us better design our R app in a way that is more presentable to our users. All suggestions were considered where applicable and time permitted. Now, while Heroku failed to support the deployment of our app, it could be run locally to fully explore its highly interactive features. Deployment of the R version of the app to Heroku is conceded as a future improvement and its deployment will be fulfilled as soon as packages become readily available on Heroku. 
